---
layout: "post"
title: "Sprint 5"
date:   2019-10-28 12:00:00 +1300
author: "Aisea Tawake"
---
## Goals

* Implementing improvements with the database and login screen.
* Researching about Bluetooth capabilities through React Native.

## AGILE implementation

### Principle 9
The focus for the this sprint is to make sure that the database tables especially for the "user" is able to be fetched by the app and used to authenticate logins for the user. At the moment I am only able to call the data by using the console to read it out.

### Priniciple 7

I have completed a working drawer navigation system for the client to make an enjoyable experience when navigating through different screens. This will ensure that there is less clutter when navigating through different screens.

### Principle 11

Although my main focus is on the database and login authentication side of things, I have taken my time research about Bluetooth capabilities in react native to help achieve connecting the Beyblade devices to the react-native project app.



## Reflection

### What I did well?
* Making the neccesary improvements to the database

### What I need to approve on?

* Commiting features that have been completed thus far
* Updating portfolio
* Keeping up constant communication with the client
* Keeping constant communication with the rest of the mobile development team.

### What lesson did I learn?

* Improving MySQL - React Native implementation.
* Learn about BLEManager, BLE and bluetooth packages via react-native and how can implement these packages to the project.

### What barriers did you encounter?

* Time-constraints when trying to implement such a big feature to the project late into the sprints-process.

